nfs: add support for running SSSD as a sidecar (#10676)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/NFS/nfs-csi-driver.md

---
title: CSI provisioner and driver
---

!!! attention

>     This feature is experimental, and we do not guarantee it is bug-free, nor will

Reviewer: I don't want to imply that rook guarantees bug-free for GA features :) 
```suggestion
    This feature is experimental and will not support upgrades to future versions.
```
